[DOCS-7677] Add Keycloak configuration for APS 2.4 (#1477)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: process-services/2.4/config/authenticate.md

|keycloak.realm| *Required.* Name of the realm configured in the Identity Service.|
|keycloak.auth-server-url| *Required.* Base URL of the Identity Service server in the format `https://{server}:{port}/auth`|
|keycloak.ssl-required| *Required.* Whether communication to and from the Identity Service server is over HTTPS. Possible values are `all` for all requests, `external` for external requests or `none`. **Important:** this property needs to match the equivalent setting for **Require SSL** in your realm within the Identity Service administration console.|

> |keycloak.resource| *Required.* The **Client ID** for the client created within your realm that points to Process Services. <br><br> **Note**: For Keycloak compatibility, you must enable **Exclude Issuer from Authentication Response** - see [Enable configuration for Keycloak]({% link process-services/2.4/config/authenticate.md %}#enable-configuration-for-keycloak) for details.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|keycloak.resource| *Required.* The **Client ID** for the client created within your realm that points to Process Services. <br><br>**Note:** For Keycloak compatibility, you must enable **Exclude Issuer from Authentication Response** - see [Enable configuration for Keycloak]({% link process-services/2.4/config/authenticate.md %}#enable-configuration-for-keycloak) for details.|
```

Reviewer: The `|` character in line 47 belongs at the end of line 46. If you look at the generated docs page, it appears as a blank line. If you look at the GitHub preview, the table formatting breaks.

|activiti.use-browser-based-logout| *Optional.* Sets whether signing out of Process Services calls the Identity Service `logout URL`. If set to `true`, set the **Admin URL** to `https://{server}:{port}/activiti-app/` under the client settings in the Identity Service management console.|
|activiti.identity-service.cookie-auth-enabled| *Optional.* When set to `true` enables cookie-based authentication that will work alongside the Identity Service authentication.|

> Exclude Issuer from Authentication Response must be set to `On`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enable configuration for Keycloak

For Keycloak compatibility, you must set `Exclude Issuer from Authentication Response` to `On`.
```
